my name is Holden Boyer and I am pretty
much the greatest kid alive and today
I'm making a video for all you freaks
out there and do some stumbling all
right well there's no beer no beer and
don't be bring your beer ads come on huh
and Stephen yeah we've been having nog a
bread for three stinking dies hey what
are you straight
what about them there's free or not what
about that eggs they don't eat those
Nene just a mere full looks like to me
back on the menu boys yolks are all
wrong the ELSA overall realtor all of
the Aqsa all of the Upton oh okay
you are so beautiful
gee Wow Wow you'll be you'll be will be
up top oh wow well my dream on the ba ba
ba ba ba ba
alright um there's no in my other videos
sing a few songs well today for you I'm
gonna sing the star-spangled banner and
this one goes out to Virginia salt Queen
oh one more thing this is for Kate
Sherman sample alright well I'm back as
you know I did a few things might have
happened just to get prepped up for this
alright again oh can you see by the
dawn's early light what so proudly we
hailed at the twilight's last gleaming
whose broad stripes and bright stars
through the perilous fight for the
ramparts we watch'd were so gallantly
streaming and the Rockets red glare the
bombs bursting
in there gave proof through the night
that our flag was still there oh say
does that star spend on the free and the
well I just I'm just realizing wow do
you look down on the body right let's
put an item on the body I built some
world built some oh well here we get you
baby don't be ready
you'll be bad you are so beautiful chi
Wow Wow
you're arrogant as you know my name is
Lim lawyer pretty much a greatest
collide and I got a few things to tell
you but first I'm gonna do world record
Beverly Hills Chihuahua Beverly Hills -
Wow all right thank you
- see how this is and I'm pretty much
greatest kid alive and I hope you join
me
thanks for joining me today and I hope
you join me next time
so I'm haunted by everybody